Add release notes for PR #5781: bevy_reflect: Recursive registration (#1282)
bevyengine/bevy-website: release-content/0.14/release-notes/5781_bevy_reflect_Recursive_registration.md

> Bevy uses reflection in order to dynamically process data for things like serialization and deserialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bevy uses [reflection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reflective_programming) to dynamically process data for things like serialization and deserialization.
```

Author: Do you think we should link to Wikipedia or the [`bevy_reflect` docs](https://docs.rs/bevy_reflect/latest/bevy_reflect/)?

Reviewer 2: Bevy reflect docs please.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bevy uses [reflection](https://docs.rs/bevy_reflect/latest/bevy_reflect/) in order to dynamically process data for things like serialization and deserialization.
```

> This often requires Bevy to know that a type even exists.
> This is why users need to register their types into the `TypeRegistry`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Bevy app has a `TypeRegistry` to keep track of which types exist.
Users can register their custom types when initializing the app or plugin.
```

More concise at the cost of some explicitness.
